


SHOW VARIABLES LIKE "secure_file_priv";
	The result will show you the exact directory path. For example, it might look like C:/ProgramData/MySQL/MySQL Server 8.0/Uploads/.
	The SHOW VARIABLES LIKE:	command is a fundamental and powerful command in MySQL used to inspect the server's configuration and status variables.
	It's a key tool for database administrators and developers to diagnose issues, optimize performance, and understand how the server is configured.
	The primary purpose of SHOW VARIABLES LIKE 'pattern' is to display the values of server system variables that match a given pattern.

	The basic syntax is:
	SHOW VARIABLES [LIKE 'pattern' | WHERE expr]
	SHOW VARIABLES: Without any modifiers, this command lists all of the system variables and their current values. This can produce a very long list.
	LIKE 'pattern': This is the most common way to filter the output. The pattern is a string that can contain SQL wildcard characters:
	% matches any sequence of zero or more characters.
	_ matches any single character.
	For example, LIKE 'secure_file_priv' will find the exact variable name. LIKE '%innodb%' would find all variables related to the InnoDB storage engine.
	WHERE expr: This allows for more complex filtering using a standard WHERE clause expression, giving you more flexibility than LIKE.
	Key System Variables
	The command is essential for checking important variables that affect server behavior, such as:
	secure_file_priv: As we discussed, this variable is a crucial security setting that controls the directory from which LOAD DATA INFILE and SELECT ... INTO OUTFILE statements can read or write files.
	max_connections: The maximum number of concurrent client connections the server allows.
	character_set_server: The default character set for the server.
	innodb_buffer_pool_size: The size of the buffer pool for InnoDB, which is vital for performance.
	port: The port number the MySQL server is listening on.
	
	
PROBLEM LAODING DATA INTO MySQL
	1️⃣ First roadblock — Decimal & Date tantrums
	What happened: I tried loading my cleaned CSV straight into orders, but MySQL wasn’t having it — columns like DECIMAL and DATE threw errors because some values weren’t perfectly formatted (empty cells, wrong formats, etc.).

	How it was fixed: I created a staging table with every column as VARCHAR. That way, MySQL just took the data “as is” without fuss. Then, I ran an INSERT … SELECT to convert types safely.

	Why it worked: The staging table acted like a “no-judgement zone” 😎 — it let all my rows in, and I controlled the cleanup later.

	2️⃣ Second roadblock — The mysterious "Cardinal Slant-D…” crash
	What happened: MySQL threw Invalid utf8mb4 character string because it assumed my file was in UTF-8, but Excel had actually saved it in Windows-1252 (latin1). That special apostrophe character tripped the loader.

	How it was fixed: I told MySQL exactly what language my CSV was speaking by adding:
	CHARACTER SET latin1
	to the LOAD DATA INFILE command.

	Why it worked: MySQL stopped guessing and read the file exactly how Excel wrote it — no more choking on special characters.

	✅ Endgame for me
	I loaded 8,399 rows into my table.
	0 warnings, 0 skips — pure clean load.
	Now I’ve got a bulletproof two-step import workflow:
	Dump everything into staging (VARCHAR-safe).
	Convert and push into the final orders table.


